ah hi guys welcome to the first episode
campus crawl where I take you to the top
universities around the world today
we're starting it off with Massachusetts
Institute of Technology all right let's
go right now we're walking in the
Gillian Court this is where students
come some days or they host a lot of
events here and what you see behind me
is actually the most recognized view of
MIT the Great Dome this is where the
engineering library is and we're a lot
of the laboratories on so we're gonna go
check that out let's go
[Music]
admissions office right here this is
where hopefully we can finesse a degree
into MIT so the best thing about MIT is
that there's so much IQ concentrated in
one area and that's what's happening
down there today they have like a
science fair end-of-term project
basically it's a showcase of what have
you've done for the whole semester and
these undergraduate projects compared to
other schools are a lot more complex and
they go a lot in depth so that's what I
think is the best
about MIT they're so practical and
they're so knowledgeable about the
sciences there's just so much sharing of
knowledge I love it
so right now we're about to enter the
dome library which is a famous
engineering library
[Music]
all right so right now we are actually
entering Stata Center this is basically
like the magic hassle of MIT all right
like come walk with me
so Stata is actually home to the labs
for computer science artificial
intelligence and information and
decision systems so a lot of research is
done here this building is probably like
the most uniquely looking what I call
her the magic House of Leaves it's like
yellow and it's a ground and everything
oh my god this is amazing
look at this Wow this this would be a
good Instagram photo right here
[Music]
this building is just filled with these
like inventions basically so most people
don't show you this
during campus fuss but Jen our campus
crawl I'll show you this this is a
typical classroom a seminar room at MIT
combination it's pretty simple basically
just table and whiteboard
I mean think projector no classrooms are
all the same no matter where you go so
[Applause]
we just came out of the Stata building
MIT campus is huge there's like 30 to 50
different buildings and they're all
numbered they don't have names except
for Stata that one's special you know
yeah we're not gonna have time to go
through those but think of them as very
similar to the one we just visited
offices classrooms and research trims
now we'll show you the media labs do
like a 360 around
this is the Media Lab it looks like a
modern museum because it's actually
infused with the list art museum what do
they do here there's basically like 25
different research groups that work on
like 350 different research projects
everything from how children learn
neuroscience electric cars and stuff
it's very cool and at the bottom it's
free for anyone to enter it's kind of
like a museum
I think the Media Lab is policy probably
the coolest part of MIT because this is
where all the learning comes into
reality in terms of these projects
people create stuff here they're
utilizing their knowledge and that's why
I love all these things are so freakin
cool I feel inspired being in this place
the best part about MIT is it's right
beside the ocean and get a whole view of
Boston so when you're tired of coding or
building robots you can just come for a
light walk it is truly beautiful
so it's downtown over there so MIT is
actually open campus but it feels like
an enclosed community it has that campus
feel because everyone here is either
professors or students and Chinese
tourists about Chinese tourists there
mainly in the main building where the
dome is it's literally a bunny on campus
that's so cute oh no bunny no now we're
in the McDermott Court which is named
after mr. and Miss Eugene McDermott
which made a lasting contribution to the
Arts at MIT because as you can see
behind me that's called the big sale or
in French it's called Legrand Wall
excuse my pronunciation it's 40 feet
tall and 35 parts the parts were created
in France but then assembled here in
Cambridge Massachusetts this is just one
of many sculptures at MIT because in
addition to the sciences they also care
about the arts design
and practicality and that's how you
create a good product
[Music]
so I met a friend Ingrid hello you lived
here I lived here junior yuria loves
dorm life like dorm life so there's like
West Campus and there's East Campus side
dorms yeah and so this is itself it's
called East Campus I used to live in
that dorms and then I lived in this
store yeah
besides kind of like counterculture I
guess so it's like much more artsy oh
okay and then West Campus is more of
what you think of when you think I'd
like your stereotypical dorm so this is
more chill yeah definitely much more
chill so you guys didn't have crazy
party oh nice you painted
I don't think animals like me the rabbit
ran away from you - oh wow that was a
long tour but I think every part was
just as exciting as Dupree thank you for
coming along on this very first episode
the inaugural episode of campus crawl
we're starting off good Oh comment below
what your favorite thing was and
something that you learned today well I
am from half who University exchanging
at the top universities in the world
with campus
I hope you come along and crawl with me
next time and click subscribe if you
want more of these videos that's it for
today I'll see you at Harvard next time
peace well you see behind me it's
actually my childhood dream that were
abandoned and crushed so right now we're
in the dead center of Harvard Yard right
behind me this way there's a tradition
at Harvard
[Music]